.TH UNIHEXGEN 1 "2013 Sep 03"
.SH NAME
unihexgen \- Generate Unifont 4- or 6-digit hexadecimal glyphs
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.B unihexgen
.I startpoint endpoint
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B unihexgen
produces unifont.hex entries in the Unicode code point range
.I startpoint
to
.I endpoint
(specified as the two command-line arguments).
Output is to stdout.  If a codepoint is less than or equal to
"FFFF" (i.e., 0xFFFF), a four-digit hexadecimal number is encoded
within the corresponding Unifont glyph as two digits on each of
two rows.  Otherwise, a six-digit hexadecimal number is encoded as
three digits on each of two rows.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
There are no options.
.SH FILES
.TP 15
*.hex as output.
.SH EXAMPLE
To generate the Private Use Area glyphs in the Unicode range
U+E000..U+F8FF, invoke unihexgen with these arguments:
.PP
.RS
.B unihexgen
e000 f8ff
.RE
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR bdfimplode (1),
.BR hex2bdf (1),
.BR hex2sfd (1),
.BR hexbraille (1),
.BR hexdraw (1),
.BR hexmerge (1),
.BR johab2ucs2 (1),
.BR unibdf2hex (1),
.BR unifontpic (1),
.BR unibmp2hex (1),
.BR unicoverage (1),
.BR unidup (1),
.BR unifontcjhojung (1),
.BR unifontksx (1),
.BR unigencircles (1),
.BR unigenwidth (1),
.BR unihex2bmp (1),
.BR unipagecount (1),
.BR uniunmask (1)
.SH AUTHOR
.B unihexgen
was written by Paul Hardy.
.SH LICENSE
.B unihexgen
is Copyright \(co 2013 Paul Hardy, and is released under version 2 of
the GNU General Public License, or (at your option) a later version.
.SH BUGS
No known real bugs exist, except that this software does not perform
extensive error checking on its command-line arguments.  If they're not
in the format of the original bitmapped output from
.B unihexgen,
all bets are off.
